hi I'm dr. Arnold nirenberg inventor of
power sugar it's my privilege to be able
to present to you these materials you've
just seen me set a world record on the
bench press and a t-bar strongly on pull
everything now that you're about to see
all these feats of strength and World
Records is me using power sugar power
coffee power mocha and the power sugars
also called power magic effects also
called healthy sugar hope you enjoy it
good yeah one two three four five six
you got it
21 22 23 24 25 26 27
keep going keep going
almost you're like within an inch okay 1
2 3 4 that will do a Power Grip my
record to date is 3 is 255 pounds I'm
going to go for another record today
with my witnesses here see how I see how
it goes but I'm strong I'm feeling it
oh I'm pumped all right 261 pounds
crazy
well I hope you enjoyed all those feats
of strength keep in mind I'm 72 years
old and when you saw me do that truffle
I was just turning 70 so I've done these
over the last two years now the bench
press I did it when I was 65 and the
t-bar swimming pool is about 67 but
everything else that you've seen was
based on using power coffee power sugar
power mocha and the power sugar is also
called power magic effects and healthy
sugar